add arviz plot for posterior predictive (#234)
CDCgov/multisignal-epi-inference: model/docs/example_with_datasets.qmd

)
```

Test `posterior_predictive` and `prior_predictive` methods

```{python}
# | label: demonstrate us of predictive methods
import arviz as az

idata = az.from_numpyro(
    hosp_model.mcmc,
    posterior_predictive=hosp_model.posterior_predictive(
        n_timepoints_to_simulate=len(dat["daily_hosp_admits"])
    ),
    prior=hosp_model.prior_predictive(
        n_timepoints_to_simulate=len(dat["daily_hosp_admits"]),
        numpyro_predictive_args={"num_samples": 1000},
    ),
)

az.plot_lm(
    "negbinom_rv",
    idata=idata,
);
```

> We can also use the [`plot_ppc`](https://python.arviz.org/en/latest/api/generated/arviz.plot_ppc.html) to compare the posterior predictive samples with the observed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also use the `plot_ppc` method to compare the posterior predictive samples with the observed data.
```

)
```

Test `posterior_predictive` and `prior_predictive` methods

```{python}
# | label: fig-demonstrate-use-of-predictive-methods
# | fig-cap: Hospital Admissions posterior distribution with plot_lm
import arviz as az

idata = az.from_numpyro(
    hosp_model.mcmc,
    posterior_predictive=hosp_model.posterior_predictive(
        n_timepoints_to_simulate=len(dat["daily_hosp_admits"])
    ),
    prior=hosp_model.prior_predictive(
        n_timepoints_to_simulate=len(dat["daily_hosp_admits"]),
        numpyro_predictive_args={"num_samples": 1000},
    ),
)

> az.plot_lm(

Reviewer: Really glad this is working. Can we change it to use `kind_pp="hdi"`?

    "negbinom_rv",
    idata=idata,
);
```

We can also use the `plot_ppc` method to compare the posterior predictive samples with the observed data.

> ```{python}

Reviewer: Can you explain what this plot is showing?

Reviewer: I still don't understand this plot. Why is are the posterior predictive dots so different from the posterior predictive mean?

)
```

Test `posterior_predictive` and `prior_predictive` methods to generate posterior and prior predictive samples.

```{python}
# | label: demonstrate-use-of-predictive-methods
import arviz as az

idata = az.from_numpyro(
    hosp_model.mcmc,
    posterior_predictive=hosp_model.posterior_predictive(
        n_timepoints_to_simulate=len(dat["daily_hosp_admits"])
    ),
    prior=hosp_model.prior_predictive(
        n_timepoints_to_simulate=len(dat["daily_hosp_admits"]),
        numpyro_predictive_args={"num_samples": 1000},
    ),
)
```
We will use `plot_lm` method from ArviZ to plot the posterior predictive distribution and observed data below:
```{python}
# | label: fig-posterior-predictive
# | fig-cap: Hospital Admissions posterior distribution with plot_lm
fig, ax = plt.subplots()
az.plot_lm(
    "negbinom_rv",
    idata=idata,
    kind_pp="hdi",
    y_kwargs={"color": "black"},
    y_hat_fill_kwargs={"color": "C0"},
    axes=ax,
)

ax.set_title("Posterior Predictive Plot")
ax.set_ylabel("Hospital Admissions")
ax.set_xlabel("Days")
plt.show()
```

> We can assess model fit by comparing the model prediction with the observed data. Below we use the [`plot_ppc`](https://python.arviz.org/en/latest/api/generated/arviz.plot_ppc.html) to compare the posterior predictive samples with the observed data for the first two time steps. This allows us to check how well the model predictions approximate observed data.

Reviewer: Sphinx doesn't like putting links on `code` text for some reason.
![CleanShot 2024-07-08 at 13 43 09@2x](https://github.com/CDCgov/multisignal-epi-inference/assets/8095080/e5ae981e-1551-426b-8b9a-67605a056f30)

Author: Oops Sorry! I think I undid the change to this from my merge

)
```

> Test `posterior_predictive` and `prior_predictive` methods to generate posterior and prior predictive samples.

Reviewer: We should also plot something from the prior predictive as an example.

Author: So, I plotted credible intervals for prior predictive distributions ujsing `plot_hdi`, and this is what it looks like:
![Capture](https://github.com/CDCgov/multisignal-epi-inference/assets/37636707/3ae07148-c432-49ab-8e81-d6fc978cace1)
Not a very compelling figure. For the purpose of demonstration, I am not aware of any arviz method to plot prior predictive distribution other than `plot_ppc`

Reviewer 2: Log scale y will help here.

Reviewer: Please also overlay the real data. Maybe it is already there but too tiny to see.

Author: I changed y scale and added observed data. I also removed the mean curve since the mean was outside hdi for some regions
![1](https://github.com/CDCgov/multisignal-epi-inference/assets/37636707/d87e45be-340a-4739-959c-b5ebd7a8480b)

    ),
)

fig, ax = plt.subplots()
az.plot_lm(
    "negbinom_rv",
    idata=idata,
    kind_pp="hdi",
    y_kwargs={"color": "black"},
    y_hat_fill_kwargs={"color": "C0"},
    axes=ax,
)

ax.set_title("Posterior Predictive Plot")
ax.set_ylabel("Hospital Admissions")
ax.set_xlabel("Days")
plt.show()
```

> We can assess model fit by comparing the model prediction with the observed data. Below we use the [`plot_ppc`](https://python.arviz.org/en/latest/api/generated/arviz.plot_ppc.html) to compare the posterior predictive samples with the observed data for the first two time period. This allows us to check how well the model predictions approximate observed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can assess model fit by comparing the model prediction with the observed data. Below we use the [`plot_ppc`](https://python.arviz.org/en/latest/api/generated/arviz.plot_ppc.html) to compare the posterior predictive samples with the observed data for the first two time steps. This allows us to check how well the model predictions approximate observed data.
```

az.plot_lm(
    "negbinom_rv",
    idata=idata,

> );

Reviewer: I think the issue might be with capturing the output? In other plots we always do `out = plot`

Author: Is the issue with the website rendering? It appears good in my local machine. But I can't remember how to download the tar file for the website

Reviewer: > Is the issue with the website rendering? It appears good in my local machine. But I can't remember how to download the tar file for the website

I think render to `md` works, but there is a problem with the `rst`. This is why I just opened https://github.com/CDCgov/multisignal-epi-inference/pull/250.

    var="all_latent_infections", ylab="Latent Infections"
)
```

> and the distribution of latent infections

Reviewer: Edit this text and the text before the previous figure to differentiate them something like "We can look at individual draws from the posterior distribution of latent infections" and then "We can also look at credible intervals for the posterior distribution of latent infections"
